Update Cloud Guide to reflect Azure IaaS support (#7199)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/bk-cloud.md

![Cloud Stack]

> Amazon Web Services (AWS) powers the underlying Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) for {{site.data.var.ece}}. For {{site.data.var.ece}} Pro plan subscriptions, you can choose either AWS or Microsoft Azure for IaaS support.

Author: ```suggestion
Amazon Web Services (AWS) powers the underlying Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) for {{site.data.var.ece}}. For {{site.data.var.ece}} Pro projects, you can choose either AWS or Microsoft Azure for IaaS support.
```
